# Answers to Questions

1. I spent about 5 hours on the test
2. If I have more time, I would have liked to add a UI Test. Just because all the unit tests work, that doesn't mean that the application will work! Additionally, the UI really needs an activity indication to show that it's loading the posts. There's no way to reload the posts except to exit the application, but that wasn't in the spec so I cut that feature. Finally I could have been styled it a bit prettier - adding AppCompat for a nicer toolbar might make it look a bit more Material Design.
3. The application is loading all the posts at once - this wouldn't scale well if there were lots of posts on the site. Perharps a feature that could be added next would be to load a few posts and then load more as the user scrolls towards the bottom of the list. Over time this could save a lot of data as a user is unlikely to scroll down through posts that they've previously read.
4. I would have preferred to write the application in Xamarin Forms. It's quicker and easier to get a multi-platform app up and running. However that wasn't a choice available and a multi-platform application was part of the specification. I used Xamarin with MvvmCross so that I could use the MVVM pattern and get the built-in dependency injection.
5. Yes, I used GitHub. It's in my repo at https://github.com/petermajor/Sparkol/. I think you should use source control for everything you write - I would have been pretty annoyed if my hard disk failed after 4.5 hours of work. It also allowed my to rollback a change when I went down the wrong path without having to do a million undo clicks. Finally I would have prefered to just send you guys the link to the repo rather than send you a zip - emailing zips is _so_ 1995!